ASG minimum requirements (#7068)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/asg-tutorial.md

                "autoscaling:DetachLoadBalancerTargetGroups",
                "autoscaling:PutLifecycleHook",
                "autoscaling:PutScalingPolicy",
                "autoscaling:PutScheduledUpdateGroupAction",
                "autoscaling:SetDesiredCapacity",
                "autoscaling:StartInstanceRefresh",
                "autoscaling:UpdateAutoScalingGroup",
                "ec2:CreateLaunchTemplate",
                "ec2:CreateLaunchTemplateVersion",
                "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplates",
                "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions",
                "ec2:DescribeRegions",
                "ec2:DescribeImages",
                "ec2:RunInstances",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeListeners",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeLoadBalancers",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeRules",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeTargetHealth",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeTargetHealth",
                "elasticloadbalancing:ModifyListener",
                "elasticloadbalancing:ModifyRule"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```

</details>

> If you wish, you can also give full access with just two policies: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can also give full access with just two policies: 
```
https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#wish
